[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Like
many people on this show,
Suzanne Giesemann was
minding her own business
as a high-powered navy commander
when life threw her a curveball.
Deeply prone to strategic
and fact-based thinking,
her journey may sound familiar
to the rational and logical
among us, which I think is all
of us, so let's dig into it.
But before we do, you can see
we have another person here.
Many of you may
know Emilio Ortiz.
He has his own podcast
called Just Tap
In for the last few years.
A magnificent young man.
He and I are in
amazing resonance.
And we want to do
some things together
so we decided to bring him in
and then try this little kind
of fun show experiment today.
Welcome, Emilio.
>> EMILIO ORTIZ: Thank
you for having me.
Super excited.
>> REGINA: It just feels
so natural having you here.
>> ORTIZ: Yeah, very natural.
>> REGINA: So, Suzanne, now
you have all of our attention.
And you have a
fascinating story.
I think people love this
story because they can relate
to the fact that, wow, this
woman had nothing to do with
the subjects that we're talking
about, mediumship, anything,
quote, "woo woo."
That was not your gig.
You were not religious.
You were not spiritual.
Tell us a little
bit about your life
as a commanding naval officer.
And also you're an aide to
the Joint Chiefs of Staff?
I mean, you moved
up there, girl.
>> SUZANNE GIESEMANN: I was
the personal assistant asked
by the chairman of the
Joint Chiefs to be his aide.
He's the head of the whole
United States Armed forces.
He saw my work and he
said, I need a good aide.
Would you like to be my aide?
And when he asked me
that, I thought, would I?
I mean, I knew
what that entailed.
You're right there when he meets
kings and queens and other world
leaders, you fly around
the world on Air Force One.
And I think it was because I was
so left brained and very logical
and very analytical.
>> REGINA: OK, let's talk
a little bit about that.
What's it like flying
on Air Force One?
And then we'll get to the Queen
Elizabeth story in a minute.
>> GIESEMANN: I tell people
it's like the old show Get Smart
where there are multiple doors
at the beginning of the show
that open.
As you go up the stairs
to get on Air Force One
and one set of doors opens,
there's another set of doors.
And then there's
a conference room,
and that's where I was with
just the chairman of the Joint
Chiefs, the Secretary of
Defense and his assistant.
The four of us.
And then the plane
takes off and in
walks the president
at an angle because--
>> REGINA: Which
president are we talking?
>> GIESEMANN: President
Bush, the younger one.
And it was his first flight
on Air Force One as well.
>> REGINA: Oh, really?
>> GIESEMANN: Yeah.
>> REGINA: OK, let's talk
about Queen Elizabeth and what
happened.
>> GIESEMANN: Well, I was very
excited because my boss had been
chosen to be knighted
by Queen Elizabeth.
We were three hours
out over the Atlantic,
and we got a call that a small
plane had flown into the World
Trade Center towers.
And so we put on the headsets,
and were just witness
to the reports.
And then I called back to
the Pentagon to our office,
was speaking to a colonel.
And he said, Suzanne,
something just happened here.
I have to go.
And, of course, that's
when the jet hit.
So we turned around, didn't
get to meet the Queen.
>> REGINA: And you saw
the wreckage afterwards?
>> GIESEMANN: First we
got back to the Pentagon,
and the Chairman immediately had
a briefing from his terrorism
experts and then said, I want
to see the site of the impact.
And we started going through
the center of the building.
The lights are out,
it's filled with smoke.
So we went out into this bright
sunshine around the corner,
and there's just this
gaping hole in the building,
the firemen are spraying
it, it's clearly collapsed.
Ambulances lined
up along the curb.
I stepped over jet engine
pieces in the grass.
There was no doubt in my mind
that this had been a jet.
You could identify the blades.
There was a commander,
same rank as I am,
that was two weeks away from
retirement who was killed.
I wasn't eligible to
retire for two more years,
but I put in my papers.
And on the very day that
I was retirement eligible,
I retired and the next day
we set off in our sailboat.
>> REGINA: And you were sailing,
and you were off the Coast
of Croatia and then another
horrifying thing happened.
And then from this
point, we're going
to start talking about how
you became who you are today.
Emilio's going to
jump in a minute.
So let's talk about
what happened.
>> GIESEMANN: We were not able
to access email or phone calls
in 2006.
We got them over a
single sideband radio.
Really great technology
at the time, but very
challenging to get emails.
And we got one from my
stepdaughter, Elizabeth, that
said, you need to call home.
It's important.
That's all it said.
And I had no psychic
abilities at the time,
did not suspect
anything was wrong.
But we were on a remote
island, we had no phone,
so we had to spend a day
getting to the nearest phone.
And my husband
dialed his daughter,
and my other stepdaughter's
husband answered the phone.
Tye, my husband, was very
pleasant, hey, what's up?
And my son-in-law
said, nothing good.
And all of a sudden I
thought-- well, Susan
had been six months
pregnant, and I thought, oh,
she lost the baby.
It was so much worse.
I saw my husband crumple
against the phone booth.
And he looked at me and
he said, Susan is gone.
It was incomprehensible.
She was absolutely
the light of his life.
And so it was the baby
and Susan were gone.
So we suddenly had to get
back to the United States
with our dog, leave the boat.
It was a personal nightmare.
9/11 was feeling everybody's
grief but being able to stay
beyond it, now suddenly we were
immersed in grief of our own.
>> REGINA: And it's important
to point out that by a stroke
of whatever, she was literally
struck by lightning and died.
>> GIESEMANN: Right.
She was struck by lightning
crossing the flight line
at work.
She was a marine sergeant,
another military member.
And it was not even raining.
The bolt of lightning came out
of the blue and struck her.
>> REGINA: And this will come
up as very important later on.
So, Emilio, take it from here.
>> ORTIZ: Yeah, it's a
very chilling experience.
And when you went back to go
see her and you saw the body,
you said, this isn't Susan.
And what's interesting
is that you were reading
a book about mediumship on the
boat, Crossing the Atlantic,
and you made this
commitment to yourself,
I'm going to connect with Susan.
And I found a little recipe
of how you started opening up.
And I would love to
hear your take, which
is what's possible for you and
for people when they connect
with unconditional love,
devotional intention
and this military grade type
of devotion and discipline
to be able to open and pierce
the veil to the other side
and connect with Susan
for the first time.
>> GIESEMANN: Well, Emilio, you
nailed it right there because it
was this knowing within me
that she could not be gone.
And I know that it's no
coincidence that I just
happened to find a book about
mediumship when we sailed
past the US Navy base in Italy,
and there was a grab bag fill it
with books.
And there's this book by
James Van Praagh, a medium.
I had not studied
mediumship at all.
That sounds interesting.
And I thought it
was nonsense when
I read what he wrote
about a greater reality
where people are still
living and working.
And I hid the book
from my husband.
In fact, I threw it out.
James knows this
so I can say that.
Because I didn't want him
seeing me reading this book.
But now I see that it
opened me to possibilities,
and that is key.
If our minds are not
open, open minds,
we won't even explore something.
But looking at Susan's body, I
just knew that what James said
was right that we have to go on.
So that's right.
That's where the military
discipline kicked in,
I'm going to connect with
her no matter what it takes.
But today I realize,
after people come up to me
and they say, yeah,
but you have discipline
and I don't, it's not
so much discipline.
It's commitment.
And when your heart knows
something, you commit to it.
And when you love someone with
all your heart and your heart
and your soul knows
they're still here,
you're just not going to stop
until you make that connection.
And that opens us up
to this connection
that's available for all of us.
>> REGINA: OK.
So let's get into
the-- a little bit
of the nuts and bolts
of when you first
started feeling that
transmission where
you started feeling
the connection that's
called mediumship.
>> GIESEMANN: I had no idea
it was going to be a medium.
All I wanted to do was
feel Susan's presence,
to know that she was around.
And Regina, she came to me
a few years ago and told me
she deliberately held
back for three years so
that I would open up to
other people and other beings
and the greater reality, and
have far more experiences
with expanded states
of consciousness
than if I had sensed
her right away.
So it's very
important that people
understand that there's no
timeline to how long this takes.
It's really what your
soul needs to evolve.
But in the process of every day
sitting quietly and shutting out
the outer world and saying,
Susan, where are you?
Susan, let me see you, let
me hear you, let me feel you,
I had adventures that
I never expected.
And started to connect with
guides and get evidence.
And, happily, I had a
reading with another medium
and then learned
what's possible,
learned why getting
evidence is important.
So I started questioning those
who I sensed, prove this to me
this is who you are,
and it just opened up
this whole other avenue
that I never expected.
>> ORTIZ: I would love to know,
after those three years when
Susan came to you, what did
she explain to you that she was
doing on the other side?
>> GIESEMANN: Wow,
did I even ask you?
>> REGINA: Then
you are saying you.
>> GIESEMANN: Yeah,
because she's right here.
>> REGINA: Yeah, I assume.
[LAUGHTER]
>> GIESEMANN: She didn't
tell me what she was doing.
She just wanted her dad
to know that she was fine.
I was her messenger,
which is what a medium is.
And I could tell she was fine.
And now she helps
me, not all the time.
But I have never really
asked her what she was doing.
She just said just hanging out.
>> REGINA: Just hanging
out, waiting for you.
>> ORTIZ: Having a good time.
>> REGINA: So this talk
about one of the things--
because people
doubt themselves--
so in this process of
opening up and being
comfortable with the notion we
might be speaking to entities
beyond ourselves, tell us how
you differentiated between other
and what was your own mind
or your own higher mind.
What was the
differentiating factor?
>> GIESEMANN: That is the number
one challenge for people who
connect, am I making it up.
It's twofold.
There's a knowing in
the heart that this
is something beyond
what I call me,
and it's receiving insights
or information that stand out,
that are not what
you expected to hear,
that are helpful, not ordinary.
So you look for
something that, oh,
I wouldn't have thought of that.
>> REGINA: It has to be apart
from your own thought process.
>> GIESEMANN: Not always.
There are things that we need
to hear that we might think,
but why did it come up now?
So the timing is--
>> REGINA: So timing too.
>> GIESEMANN: Mhm.
>> REGINA: OK, interesting.
Well, all right, so this
gets us toward something
we both-- we all
love is the story
that really touched your
heart and brought you deeper
into it, which is the story
of a young man named Wolf.
>> ORTIZ: Yeah.
Wolf, I mean, being
also a young man
and he passed in a very
similar way as Susan,
with a bolt of lightning, he was
a very peculiar young man where
he had pictures-- and
maybe we can pull one up--
where he was pointing
at his head and saying,
I was in two worlds at once.
I couldn't shut off the voices.
He was diagnosed
as schizophrenic.
And I think it's
a powerful reframe
to telling how extraordinary
of a being he was
and how can the society just
say you have a mental illness.
So what was your
experience like of getting
to know a spirit that
was on the other side,
and also dealing with these
things in the physical realm?
>> GIESEMANN: The importance
of telling Wolf's story is that
of all the souls
I've connected with,
he left for all of
us the most profound,
irrefutable evidence
that we are souls.
This is why we focus
on Wolf's story,
because he knew he would
be struck by lightning.
He left a poem about
it, and he left
a drawing that shows
where it would happen
and what would
happen afterwards.
And then he came through
to me after connecting me
with his dad and his
stepmom, Mike and Beth.
And dropped in on
me unexpectedly
when there was nobody
to give me feedback--
I'm thinking I'm
reading their mind--
and told me all about
himself, and left out
a few details that helped me
to unravel this mystery of why
Wolf came back.
To find out, after doing a
reading for his parents, that he
was diagnosed as
mentally ill stunned me
in the middle of the reading.
I remember saying--
well, first of all,
I was stuttering and
shaking in the reading
because he was so powerful.
>> REGINA: You have
a documentary on him.
And you hear you
doing the reading,
and you're stuttering
and shaking.
>> GIESEMANN: Yes,
and I'm not a stutter.
>> REGINA: And you
said it's because soul,
you never encountered
such a powerful soul,
that energy coming through you.
So continue, yeah.
>> GIESEMANN: And so here's this
powerful soul who was so loving.
And suddenly I said, he
just said schizophrenia.
That doesn't make sense.
And his stepmother
said, oh, yeah, he
was diagnosed schizophrenic.
And it just knocked
me off balance
because he was so powerful.
And that's when he said, I
was in two worlds at once.
It was very busy in here.
And his dad said,
he always said that.
And they have a picture
of him doing that.
And to your point, Emilio,
that is such a powerful piece
of this documentary
because we all
know people who are
different, who don't fit in.
And this film is helping
people see them differently,
to see the souls in all of us.
If we could walk
around and instead
of saying, oh, they're
weird, oh, they're strange
and push back, say, mm,
but their soul is fine,
let me see if I can
connect with their soul,
it would be a completely
different world.
>> REGINA: I want to get deeper
into that topic in a little bit
because so many of the souls
being born now are wired quite
differently.
So we need to get into that,
people on the spectrum who
appear to be on the
spectrum, who are also
walking in both worlds.
But some of the cool stuff
about Wolf too because this
brings back your
daughter, the lightning,
being struck by lightning.
Her little dog was named Thor.
>> GIESEMANN: Yeah,
the God of lightning.
Three dogs, Regina.
I only came to this
awareness a few years ago,
Thor, the son of Odin.
Loki was her other dog,
which is Odin's son as well.
And the other dog was Athena,
who is also associated
with thunder and lightning.
And then she--
>> REGINA: From
her father, Zeus.
>> GIESEMANN: Yes, yes.
And she was killed by lightning.
That didn't occur to
us until years later.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
And so that's
really what brought
you together is his parents.
You were at the Edgar
Cayce Institute,
and you were doing
a lecture there.
And the parents heard you
talk about your daughter being
struck by lightning,
and they just came up.
They had to talk to you.
And that's how this
whole thing began.
>> GIESEMANN: Yes.
>> REGINA: So let's talk a
little bit more about what was
in Wolf's room, his
preparation for this,
the t-shirt he
had on, et cetera.
Just tell us the whole story.
>> GIESEMANN: It's
a real spoiler,
but there's so much more to it.
>> REGINA: There's so much
more to it that people can see
in the documentary, but just
give us a good dose of it now.
>> GIESEMANN: The final poem
that definitely was written
within two days of his passing--
because his father visited
him just two days prior--
and always walked
around his apartment
to see what new
artwork Wolf had put
on the walls, which were
covered, floor to ceiling,
with his artwork--
which was a little
dark, a little odd
but that's who he was--
this poem was not there when
dad visited the apartment.
And the final line
of the poem says,
"Time has come for the light
of nature to free my soul."
He tacked that to the wall, set
a chair that wasn't normally
in the middle of the
floor, facing that poem
as if to say, sit
here and read this.
And then across from the
poem, behind the chair,
he cut out his favorite
t-shirt that he had just
worn the weekend
before, and put what
was on that t-shirt on the
wall, a bolt of lightning.
>> REGINA: You can't
make this stuff up.
>> GIESEMANN: No, you can't.
>> ORTIZ: It was like an art
gallery where he had a chair
specifically where he wanted
people to sit, read the poem.
And in the back he had the
symbology of the lightning.
And for you, you've had
this thread of lightning
throughout your whole life,
Susan's passing then Wolf.
Your group, Sanaya,
actually means--
>> GIESEMANN: The name
means flash of lightning.
They gave that to me
without me knowing it.
But you just
reminded me, when you
talked about the
artwork, what we left out
was there was also a drawing
with his poem that he drew.
It's an eye which the saying
goes when your eye is single,
may your entire body
be filled with light.
That's paraphrasing,
of course, but the eye
is the window of the soul.
In the center, the pupil
is the yin yang symbol.
On the left is a
dreamcatcher, which
is the perfect symbology
for the web of connections
that unites us all.
But on the right--
his parents didn't realize
it until three weeks later--
is the tree where he was
struck, the very tree.
It's very distinctive
big old birch tree.
But at the base of
it, in his drawing
you can see two roses that his
parents put there in tribute
to him after he was killed.
>> REGINA: And not only
that, when they went in, neat
as a pin.
He didn't normally
live like that.
His bed was made,
dishes were done.
Everything was in
perfect order for them
to come in after his departure.
>> GIESEMANN: That's right.
>> REGINA: Can you imagine--
I can't even imagine
what was going
through his being
that day, knowing
he was going to be taken.
He was going to go home.
>> GIESEMANN: I can tell
you what was in his mind,
because he and Susan have been
so present with me since this
film came out.
It's phenomenal for me.
He just said what was
going through his mind
was peace and
tranquility, which is
the first line of that poem,
"Spirit of great healer,
awaken within this heart.
Peace and tranquility
flow like water."
And I never asked
him the question
but he says he was peaceful
and tranquil and on a mission.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GIESEMANN: In one of the
other drawings in his room,
there was a poem that read, "I
long to be freed of the chains
that hold my heart captive."
And one of the most potent
teachings that he left behind
was that we're far too
anchored in our head
and not enough in our heart.
And you've said that Wolf
stands for the freedom
from being a prisoner
to our heads,
and that freedom
leads to balance.
And the result of that balance
is peace and tranquility.
So what happens when a species
moves into that balance
and invokes that
energy of the heart?
>> GIESEMANN: That's what
we're here to find out.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
No.
So, yes, all the people
that talk about him
just say he was pure heart.
He was just-- he was love.
He was love.
So I think he was
an angel, right?
And so, yet, like many angels
are here on Earth misunderstood,
very hard to walk on this Earth.
Dr. Linda Backman talks about
this a great deal in the souls
that she sees in her
hypnotherapy practice,
that you have IP souls,
interplanetary souls,
you have Earth-based souls,
the majority of people.
And then you have angelic souls,
and they have a really hard time
integrating here.
And I think oftentimes they're
the ones that are labeled.
So can you talk about other--
not just Wolf, but
other clients that
are coming to you with
these same issues of finding
it very difficult to walk
the Earth but they're here
for purpose.
They're here to show and
to share something with us.
>> GIESEMANN: My clients come
to hear from their loved ones
across the veil.
So--
>> REGINA: But some of
them must be these beings.
>> GIESEMANN: Often I have
folks across the veil who had
disabilities and
their loved ones say,
why would they choose to
be in a body like that?
And it's very clear
when you talk to them
because their souls chose that.
And that provided their
family an opportunity
to learn patience and
unconditional love, compassion.
It gives caregivers
someone to serve.
There's purpose in
everything, even
though we see it as a
disability or a mental illness.
If everybody could
just understand
that our souls are already
whole and perfectly fine,
that we are divine already, we
didn't come here to be perfect.
This is part of the
beauty of Wolf's message.
You really summarize the message
that he came back to make sure
we understood very well.
We may never be perfect here,
but let's find that divinity
and enjoy it together.
>> REGINA: And yet you see
homeless encampments and you
have mental illness,
you have drug addiction,
but you also have people who are
actually simply in Wolf's state.
They're walking in both worlds,
they're talking to other beings.
I've thought about this
for many, many years like,
you don't know who
that person is.
They may seem insane
to you, but they may be
talking with their own guides.
>> GIESEMANN: And
that's where we met.
You mentioned Edgar
Cayce's association
for research and enlightenment,
and I love this quote
by Edgar Cayce where somebody
said to him, Mr. Cayce,
am I mentally ill?
And he replied, madam, everyone
is mentally ill to someone else.
>> ORTIZ: It's relative.
>> GIESEMANN: It's all relative.
>> REGINA: We're all in our
different realities or siloed
into our own one of 8 billion
different realities, which--
yeah.
Anything else from other
clients along that line
that you would like
to share at this time
that you're hearing from the
other side about a opening?
And going back to what
Emilio was talking about,
huge, this need for humanity to
start merging with and living
through the heart.
>> GIESEMANN: It is huge.
Especially as we go more towards
technology and relying on that,
we're not listening within.
We're not realizing there
is a divine intelligence.
Even though artificial
intelligence
is incredibly wise and
powerful, what's missing
is the personal aspect that
we can find by going within.
I'm not personally seeing
those people across the soul.
I'm mostly connecting with
regular people's loved ones
when I do mediumship.
But that is just such
a small part of my work
because, really,
it's, to me, what
is the message of mediumship.
The fact that we can connect
to people's loved ones
tells us there's
something so much greater.
So that's why my
main work is helping
people live, as you know,
what I call the awakened way.
That's available for all
of us, whether or not
you connect to loved
ones across the veil,
to live in awareness that
our souls here and now.
That we are all connected,
that love is what connects us,
that will change your life.
>> REGINA: So Lee Harrison, who
has the group the Z's, he and I
did a book together that came
out recently called The Future
Human.
The point being that the most
dominant message in the book,
in my opinion, was that the Z's
kept saying, you as a species
are remarkable in nature, living
in this dense third dimensional
reality with gravity and time.
In that you're now going to be--
your future version of self,
which is already beginning,
is going to be running
our intelligence
and mind through the heart.
>> GIESEMANN: Yeah.
>> REGINA: And so I think
Wolf was really living in that
unfiltered place with his
intelligence running through his
heart.
>> ORTIZ: Well, you say that
Wolf was very unfiltered,
and there are more beings
coming around that are very open
hearted, but along the way
sometimes we create those chains
around our heart.
And I would love
to know what have
you found is those
ways to release
the chains around our
heart, to be able to connect
with this greater reality?
>> GIESEMANN: We need to
dampen the left hemisphere
of the brain's activity.
And meditation or
practices and mindfulness
do that, they dampen
the left hemisphere
and activate the
right hemisphere.
So that drawing with
the yin and yang symbol
was perfect for talking
about the balance.
And in my military
career, very left brain.
And the meditation
that I did daily,
trying to connect with
Susan, did exactly
that, it brought that
right brain back online.
It brought me into
a state of balance,
and now I can feel the heart.
So they all work together.
So any practice where you
shut out the outer world
and just become silent and
listen and watch your thoughts
for just a few
minutes a day is going
to make a huge difference
in repatterning
those neural pathways
that keep us stuck.
It's actually very
simple, but it
does take that commitment
we talked about earlier.
>> REGINA: A lot of people
feel a little bit lost
because of the notion
of that's like, oh,
if you just be in
love, stay in love.
That's too abstract, honestly.
There are too many
interpretations
of what love means.
And that's why what
you're talking about
is wholly different
from just be in love.
>> GIESEMANN: As my
guides have shown me,
love is lack of separation.
We know that as romantic
love because when
you're in love with somebody,
you're just so alive.
There's no separation
until you start
to notice those little
things and then you--
the problems arise.
But when you sit quietly and
shut out the outer world,
you touch that place where
everything is connected.
You go to that place beyond the
stories, beyond me versus you,
and then you come to know
that that's in everybody.
And then you can project,
well, if that's in me
and that's in
everybody, if I can go
to that place, that's namaste.
When I'm in that place in me
and you're in that place in you,
we are one.
So that sounds woo woo but to
have the personal experience
of no story, total
connectedness, that's
divine love.
That's what will
change the world.
>> REGINA: Now, imagine
that you're you now,
understanding life as
you understand it now,
and you're back in the military
with the Joint Chiefs of Staff
as an aide.
And you're watching
how things play out
in the war room, et cetera,
coming from the heart.
Because our future is
going from the heart,
what happens to things
like the military?
>> GIESEMANN: The challenge
is that until people beyond
our tribe also awaken, we're
still going to be in this us
versus them mentality.
So there's this reality
that people may attack us,
and love will not
stop and attack.
This is a very slow process of
bringing people to the awareness
that there is a better way, that
we need to try to see things
from other people's perspective,
experience why they are coming
from that place.
What is the better way?
That's where I would be if I had
known what I know now back then.
What's a better
way of seeing this?
How can we reframe it?
But it's very
challenging when you
have both the human story
and the soul's awareness
at the same time.
>> REGINA: I would imagine we
would have completely different
outcomes if we have someone
like you sitting in the room
in a strategic meeting.
How do we approach
this situation?
And there's no room
for that now, right?
>> GIESEMANN:
There's no room, no.
But it's interesting
because I just
had an experience the
other day of somebody
sent me-- we call
them in the Navy
a nastygram, an email
that was very nasty to me.
And luckily I can only think of
five of these over the years.
And immediately
you go like this,
but I've learned that
the ego does this
but the soul has no defenses.
And instead of deleting it,
I just wrote, I hear you.
I appreciate what you say.
Perhaps if you understood that
this is why this happened,
but may I offer you this?
Just like every
other time I've done
that, the person comes back with
capital letters, I'm so sorry.
I was so nasty.
Oh, my gosh, you heard me.
Can you imagine if we
brought that energy
into war rooms or boardrooms or
family living rooms, I hear you.
Let me see from
your perspective.
Can you see from mine?
With no defensiveness,
that's what's missing.
We're in our human mode, and
the brain, the left brain
is wired for self-defense.
So when you live with that
right brain balance more,
you automatically
go to alternatives
but are still aware
of the human mode.
>> ORTIZ: And beyond your
response to those emails,
you also have one of your
favorite phrases which is,
isn't that interesting?
>> GIESEMANN: Oh yeah, that's
the first response always.
You look at that email and,
[GASPS] isn't that interesting?
That takes you
immediately to neutral.
>> ORTIZ: Yeah, it puts you
into the observer mindset.
>> GIESEMANN: Yeah.
We have people with t-shirts
on it now that say, isn't--
>> REGINA: Isn't
that interesting?
Interesting is an
interesting word.
And so we, from
the ground up, are
starting to understand the
need to inculcate intelligence
into the heart and
operate through that,
so it's going to be
a ground-up thing.
They're the last-- they'll
be the last to get it, right?
>> GIESEMANN: That's why I'm so
pleased that Wolf's messages,
the film and my book, is gaining
traction because people watch it
and it speaks to the heart.
There's a transmission
in there that people
can't not listen and
feel the emotion,
and it makes them think.
So we're balancing thinking
with the heart all of a sudden,
and it shifts something.
>> REGINA: Oh it did.
I watched it this morning before
coming in here to the studio,
and I couldn't pull myself out.
I was in that energy,
and it took a while
to find my way back out of it
so I could sit here and chat
with both of you.
So I really encourage
people to watch it.
It's not just touching,
it's very empowering.
>> ORTIZ: He actually left a
whole scavenger hunt for you.
>> GIESEMANN: Yeah.
>> ORTIZ: And I'm
curious to know,
is there a mystery that
Wolf left behind that you
haven't been able to solve yet?
>> GIESEMANN: I don't know
but there was one that I
didn't realize was unsolved that
became apparent when the film
came out.
Our Director, Jim
Spruell, found an ending
to this film that's
different from my book
because it hadn't happened
when I wrote the book.
And it has to do with the fact
that Wolf's stepmother, Beth, is
going through a tremendous
challenge with leukemia
right now and facing
her own death.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> GIESEMANN: But I didn't
realize that if you watch
the film, there was
a book that moved.
I saw it move on the bookshelf.
Other people might say
it was a hallucination,
but that book said
to me, by moving,
you're supposed to buy this.
And there's a funny part in the
movie where it solved a mystery
from his original visit.
But there was another thing
in the book, a winged creature
that when I read the book
and looked at the picture,
Wolf dropped in on me.
It's in my book, Wolf's Message,
where I say, Wolf is here.
I wrote to his dad
and said, he tells me
he has a picture of
this winged creature.
Send it to me.
There was no question.
I didn't say, Mike, did he draw
a winged creature like this?
Wolf was here.
He said, have my
dad send you this.
Mike sent me Wolf's drawing.
It's identical to
what's in the book.
So, wow, that's really cool.
But why?
That was the point.
That was the mystery.
Well, that figure,
according to the book,
was called a chimera
where you cross
a DNA of an animal with
a human being, a chimera.
Well, just a few months
ago, Beth, Will's stepmother
who's going through
cancer treatment
and had a stem cell
transplant, texted me.
And she said, my
test results are in.
The donor's DNA is 100%
accepted by my body.
The chimerism test proved it.
>> REGINA: Wow.
>> GIESEMANN: And I gasped
because I saw this is a soul
thing.
Beth's soul agreed to
take on this illness
because the final bits of
the movie are so touching.
And the message that
we couldn't have
told if somebody had produced
this even five years earlier was
it takes away the fear
of death to know this,
that we are eternal souls.
And now I know why he
drew me to this chimera
back then, because just
you put the dots together.
>> REGINA: --things to
reveal themselves sometimes.
>> GIESEMANN: There's
no time across the veil.
>> REGINA: Treasure hunts
like that can take a lifetime.
It's beautiful.
>> GIESEMANN: It's fun
to connect the dots.
But to connect that one
and say, Jim Spruell
knew to put that in there
because his soul and his son
across the veil guided him to
do that, it was perfection.
>> REGINA: So we touched on but
didn't go into the soul group
that you talk with, Sanaya, so
let's talk about them a little
bit, what you do with them.
And right now is a
good time to start
sharing some of their messages
that come through repeatedly
for humanity at
this point in time.
>> GIESEMANN: Sanaya came to
me on my birthday in 2010.
In the film I say cool things
have happened on my birthday.
And one of them I
didn't reveal is
my guide, Sanaya, revealed
themselves to me on my birthday.
A very powerful group.
I said, who are you?
They said, we are a collective
consciousness of your guides.
And you will write and
write and write as us.
But I did not expect to
also be speaking as them.
It was very awkward
for this navy commander
to start channeling for a small
group, and now for large groups.
I've channeled for
up to 500 people.
And had a great conversation
with Lee Harris on my podcast
recently about the
book you did with him.
And it was fun to have
two channelers talking
together and comparing stories
and very, very similar.
It's a little awkward,
but you can't not do it.
We've had physical healings
from people in attendance
when the guides come through
because the energy is
so powerful.
And they're talking
through me now.
I always hook into them before
I do an interview because they
have the bigger picture,
and their answers
are going to be much wiser than
anything I could come up with.
>> REGINA: So what are some
specifics they're telling us
now, as humanity, that we need
to start really keying into?
>> GIESEMANN: They
say to watch the fear,
that these times really are not
that much worse than they were
in the past.
It only seems that
way, especially
because the media is
putting it in our face.
And we are falling right into
the trap of giving that more
intention than the underlying
things, the slower things
that we need to be
paying attention to.
How are we treating each other?
Why are we allowing people
to mistreat each other
and violence that we
just take for granted,
and violent movies
and poor food choices,
everything that leads to
illness and the underlying
causes for the big change,
things that make the news.
So they're saying, watch
the fear, be present now.
Listen to the
guidance within and
flow, which is Wolf
spelled out backwards.
>> REGINA: That's
right, the flow.
>> ORTIZ: OK.
>> GIESEMANN: Yeah.
>> ORTIZ: I think a lot of it is
we ignore that there's this true
self that you say is
not just the spirit,
it's not just the physical,
but it's a merge between both.
Instead of just knowing
that intellectually
that we have a true self, how
do you live in daily harmony
with your true self?
>> GIESEMANN: In my
book The Awakened Way,
I talk about having
a miracle mindset.
We really need to come to know
that this true self is not
just a concept we talk about.
It really is the source
of all these wonders.
So you can sit quietly and say--
I literally say bring on
the miracles, bring it on.
And that has to come
from the deepest place
where anything is possible.
And it will happen.
Miracles become the norm.
And then you have to say,
well, how did that happen?
How did you explain that?
So ask to have what I call
NOEs, no other explanation
moments, and then,
hopefully, by grace, you'll
have this moment where
you say there is a God,
but it's not some being.
It's this being itself that
just has to create miracles
to get our attention.
So it's a process of changing
your whole understanding of what
God is to it's this bigger
self that's breathing us.
See, I never talked like this.
I never had that
realization when I first
started as a medium.
For me it was just
let me show you
your loved ones
haven't really died.
But it has opened up
this sacred awareness
of what is the true self
that's called self-realization.
To share that with other people,
to see other people get it,
when people come
up to me and say,
your work has changed my life,
that's what it's all about.
I do a monthly gathering.
We call it the
monthly connection.
It's a webinar.
Every month I have two
hours full of new teaching
from the guides, and I
refuse to go to scary fear
on my subject lines.
And so we have a normal number.
That's a very nice
number that attends.
We have a beautiful community.
Anybody can attend.
But when something
bad happens to me
and I truthfully put it in
the subject line, oh my gosh,
the numbers are off the chart.
So, oh, my husband almost
died, oh my God, did we get
the numbers?
But it was true.
So it's very challenging
to not succumb to that.
>> REGINA: Oh my God, it is.
>> GIESEMANN: I don't.
And I hope I won't.
If people are drawn
to this, they'll come.
>> REGINA: We've had--
privately had this conversation
because you have a
podcast, I have a podcast.
And I'm like you, it's not
doing the scary headlines,
the clickbait.
I just don't want to do it.
How can you make it intriguing
and powerful without fear?
That's an art form,
and it's hard to do.
And I know you've had to
struggle with that too.
Final question, final thoughts.
>> ORTIZ: I would love to just
bring to the surface again,
Wolf is symbolic as well,
like the animal totem.
And you say that the wolf comes
when we most need guidance.
So for people
tuning in right now,
why do you feel the wolf is
coming to the surface right now?
>> GIESEMANN: I got the
goosebumps as you say that
because I wrote the
book 12 years ago,
and it's still relevant.
But I don't think
masses of people
were ready to hear this
even five years ago,
but now people are
open to the woo woo.
I just heard a new expression.
I'm sharing it everywhere.
I have new people in the
audience that are new to this.
And I say, how many of you are
new to this kind of teaching?
And few people will
raise their hand
and I'll say, well,
you're new woo.
>> REGINA: New woo.
[LAUGHTER] I like it.
That's cute.
>> GIESEMANN: So people are open
to this because it's becoming
more safe.
That they're not going
to worry about, well,
what will people think
if I start meditating
or if I talk about my no
other explanation moment?
And that's where I see
my path, that people
look at my background and
say, well, she's not flaky.
We can believe her,
but you already
know in your heart what's real.
So the message is
trust your heart.
And I love that Wolf came
knowing that his message would
help people open to this.
And, yeah, the time is now.
>> REGINA: The time is now.
>> GIESEMANN: That's
what they say.
>> REGINA: Well, thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you for your journey
and for being here and sharing
Wolf's message, your
message, Sanaya's message.
And, Emilio, it's been fun.
>> ORTIZ: Thank you.
>> REGINA: To connect with
Suzanne via webinars, retreats,
books, et cetera, you can
go to suzannegiesemann.com.
You can also find her
documentary, Wolf's Message,
here on Gaia.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[THEME MUSIC]